Laundry item: Updated readme and license (#125)
Alokit-Innovations/team-monitor-website: README.md

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

### Connect to Test environment

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory and add the following in it:

```bash
# NextAuthJS
NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=

# Github Login
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=78eb181cacd859319797
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=c6efe816493a0b553ef20364134a3009b724b402

# Bitbucket Login
BITBUCKET_CLIENT_ID=
BITBUCKET_CLIENT_SECRET=

# Bitbucket OAuth consumer
BITBUCKET_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID=

# GitLab Login
GITLAB_CLIENT_ID=
GITLAB_CLIENT_SECRET=

# PostGreSQL Connection
PGSQL_USER=postgres
PGSQL_PASSWORD=vibi@test-pg
PGSQL_HOST=127.0.0.1
PGSQL_PORT=5432
PGSQL_DATABASE=test-db
```

> (TODO: Add steps for downloading the `cloud-sql-proxy` script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [cloud sql proxy for GCP](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres/sql-proxy)
```
